hi Jose mum first day no new he's i'm
updating your cv you promises to be
properly feel for you old school wedgie
first of all there good luck with the
rest of your lives and try not to kill
anyone sorry more upbeat than I was
expecting Simon We Need to Talk I'll not
talking I think we should break up there
you've been dumped we could all go on a
mental holiday together three weeks a
sun sea sand booze and sex they stand a
lot of pictures we're gonna do shots
till one of us is six round nose my Mo's
on me
y'all just walk ups will go in a club
and introduce yourself you dance over
near them make the eyes and get to dance
with you really stick with me you'll be
fine then I'll get stuck with a fat one
let me look to other places that we
realized this summer we've been spotted
look kool you're a virgin that's cool no
nothing as famously uncle well it's cute
then oh god that's even worse comes a
movie about friendship Sabine player
what could be cooler than getting our
names tattooed on each other no oh I
need those G this is game 8 the times we
can't remember dreams are under the
table your travel Arnie J slept
relentless high and the moments we try
to forget
I la sexta me this is a joke right I
lost my glasses
readies his name he is literally
incredible